portal glass and finger all mobile
entertainment on glafi.com
hello today friends i will tell you about
something interesting called robocop
for some reason only now stumble upon
she was pleasantly surprised by the plot of the game
brings us far 2028 and
talk about how omnicorp corporation
starts his project to create
half man half robot as we
hit the future then there can not be avoided
flying drones advanced weapons and
other superpowers in the form of
thermal imager or scanner in general
ponapriduyat enough for all
use it to miss no time
your mission is banal but entertaining
you need to fight crime in
the most dangerous city is not even a country from
whole planet feel the scales yourself
gameplay on your screen
I will only say that he seems to be holding off
your freedom of movement as inside
one location you can navigate
only two points but I would not say
that playing want to run all over the map
of course when the defense is no longer there
then it would not hurt but complexity
because of this only increases a
Such serious games are not a minus what
concerns upgrading and pumping hero
then there is a lot of everything and you need
emphasize that you can buy it for
money earned in the game for what
developers special thanks
because very often there are good
games but without their money them right away
it gets boring to play in the game
decent graphics with good dynamics and
physics is well developed not only your
hero but also opponents and the audience itself
manage this hero becomes
easy and even interesting in general I think
much more will be interested in this creation
because the game turned out to Pyaterochka with you
I had Misha duke on this
subscribe to our channel and
both and follow the news on the portal
glafi.com so far